# das

# data_prep
Contains all Scripts relevant for data preparation.

# chunk_conv.py
Generates namelist to convert grib to netcdf files (all)
# chunk_conv_post.py
Generates namelist to convert grib to netcdf files that are listed in log.txt (generated by check_complete)

# crop_netcdf_24hours.py
Crops a 28x28 gridpoint sample centered around the centroid of a region. All timesteps from t_ini + 24 to t_ini + 47 are included (requires subtraction of the t-24h precipitation field with timesteps t >= t_ini + 25)
# crop_netcdf_24hours_benchmark.py
Crops all gridpoints inside a region. Similar to crop_netcdf_24hours.py, a subtraction of preceding precipitation fields is necessary.

# prepare_obs.py
Prepares observations.
# prepare_for_training.py
Prepares model data for training by excluding timesteps that are NULL in observations. (follow-up to crop_netcdf_24hours.py)
# prepare_benchmark.py
Prepares benchmark (Follow-up to crop_netcdf_24hours_benchmark.py)

# list_directories.py
Creates a list of all runs (arranged in individual directories) available for training

# Testsplitter.py
splits available runs into test and training set & outputs a list available for training (training_set.txt)

# copy_training_set.py
Copies all files listed in training_set.txt to a folder Training_set in home directory

# *.sh
Scripts to send batch jobs

# check_*.py
Scripts to check completeness of data prepared in the above scripts.

# get_coordinates_netcdf.py
Get coordinates of COSMO-E gridpoints (as generated in crop_netcdf_24hours.py) of a given region



# training
Contains all scripts relevant for training & evaluation

# cnn_mnist_setup.py
Trains cnn with a setup inspired by LeNet-5 to predict precipitation events.

# eval_benchmark.py
Calculates scores of the benchmark prediction method.


